{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17763}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 date 14 september 2019\par
\par
hi, my name is lokendra choudhry and i am a student of indian insititute of information  technolgy for pursuing my btech degree from bhopal . IIIT bhopal is a national institute and i get this institute through national councellig on the basis of jee main result .I get AIR 27879 out of about 1.3 million student . My course branch is IT. But along with computer i also want to learn about business and global market .therefore i take onlline courss and also read books in that  field.My aim is not to take job in it inndustry but to develop a self business .But  for learning about the industry i can get placement.\par
I love to read books and watching or leaning from youtube to stay motivated .basically i read peronal development books .Till now i read only few books some are 7 habits of highly effective people ,the power of habits, 5AM club,the power of subconcious mind etc . \par
Now I am reading two books first the monk who sold his ferrari by robin sharma and the second is talk like a winner by nakamoto which is basically on private speaking.\par
In month of september I have three target .\par
FIRST- complete book of robin sharma \par
SECOND-complete 3 chapter of oop 11th and 1 chapter of cormen.\par
THIRD-complete html\par
thank you we wil back tomorrow because i am writing this stuff to increase my typing speed .\par
}
 

DATE 15 SEPTEMBER 2019

 Hi ,today I am goig to discuss about the basic daily routine .today I have three main target are as follows;
1. learn html language generally from w3 school 
2. compllete chapter two of class 10 oop and notes of oop
3.and assignment of oop lab

If time  remains then i will dedicated it to read the monk who sold his ferrari an apply in my real life . few fundamental aim of life is stop procrastination
ok thank you


16 SEPTMBER 2019

HI so today is monday and i aattended al  the classes which is very happy moment for me.In oop i read about function overriding and diamond problem .
In oop i read about the min and max heap sort and its time complexity.
In mathematics i read about the Newton divident difference formula .and also divident difference rule .
Now I have about 1 Hr remainig in this 1 hr i wnt to read abot oops basics.
I am thankful to al resources given by god .I want more than this because i believe that i can achieve every thing and i will.
Tommorow I will read about the html on W3 schools.ok thank you i will came back tomorrow.


19 september 2019

tomorro i making mistAKE BY USING smartphon as not using for future investment i feel sorry for it i remove my negative charges toward me.tomorrow que is padosi not control on braiin ,.reward is watching movies,and routine is seaching online.
So cue can be change by relaxing put priorities think about goal and if not possible thenplacing a video of 5 to 10 minutes.If crving high we can go for outside the room.Now today I am start new journey thats why i forgiv myself and icrease my vision three point fo today is- 1.deep breadth and focus in class because it save my time I have to put less effort on it. Also I can more focs on 20/80 formula .
2.Aftr college if i am not able to came on control on my brain then i will take rest or elseread newspaper.
3.After rest or nap I will rescheduled my day and priorities are simple lets c code on online compiler and 1 complete note if reequired but before sleep with 25/4 rule. I thik that is sufficient for today and hopefully do my best today i am writi this stuff for iincreas my typing speed. Iwill enjoy my life and myself thank you god for giving me this life and pportunities I will convert my day for better today and better future as ell because i am spending 200000 per year for my educaton .


20 september 2019
Today my day start at 5:34 I think which quite well time in my life and i want too say that morning is very joyful and I think the whole day as well .I follow the savers rule and then go for 6 phase by vishen. After it take breakfast and then deep  breadth and i hope that e also starting deep work as well after reading the monk who sold his ferrari.I will put all book stuff in book bank bag.And read all the stuff one by one .
Today is my day and iam very happy that my best friend with me some of them are APJ abdul kalam sir .steve jobs buddha ,chanakya ,warren buffet robin sharma ,himeesh maadaan and remaining as well I learn from them as much as i can do .so today lesson 3 lessons are 1. patience 2.Enjoy the whole day because its given only to the few peoples I am investing my day because to get maximum output and development inside me.
3.believe that i can and I follow 25/4 rule 90/90/1 rule as well.thankyou we wil meet tomorrow as well.